README.md, before:

## 📌 Portfolio Frontend

This repository contains the **frontend code for my personal portfolio webpage** built with modern web technologies. The site showcases my projects, skills, and contact information in a clean and responsive layout.

---

### 🚀 Features

- Professional portfolio website
- Responsive design for all screen sizes
- Highlights projects, skills, and contact info
- Easy to customize and deploy

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Frontend framework/library (e.g., React + Vite)
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript
- Tooling: ESLint, Vite

---

### 🧩 Getting Started

**1. Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/JonathanPinilla/portfolio-frontend.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```

**3. Run the development server**

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 📦 Build & Deploy

To  create a production build

```bash
npm run build
```

Deploy the generated `dist/` folder to platforms like **Netlify**, **Vercel**, or **Github Pages**

### 📬 Contact

Feel free to explore the project or reach out for collaboration.

**Jonathan Pinilla - 2026**

Commit message:

Add Mafe recon and thanks

README.md, after:

## 📌 Portfolio Frontend

This repository contains the **frontend code for my personal portfolio webpage** built with modern web technologies. The site showcases my projects, skills, and contact information in a clean and responsive layout.

> [!NOTE]
> Huge thanks to [Maria Medina](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maria-medina-polo-79002b138/) that designed the entire UI/UX of the project.

---

### 🚀 Features

- Professional portfolio website
- Responsive design for all screen sizes
- Highlights projects, skills, and contact info
- Easy to customize and deploy

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Frontend framework/library (e.g., React + Vite)
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript
- Tooling: ESLint, Vite

---

### 🧩 Getting Started

**1. Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/JonathanPinilla/portfolio-frontend.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```

**3. Run the development server**

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 📦 Build & Deploy

To  create a production build

```bash
npm run build
```

Deploy the generated `dist/` folder to platforms like **Netlify**, **Vercel**, or **Github Pages**

### 📬 Contact

Feel free to explore the project or reach out for collaboration.

**Jonathan Pinilla - 2026**
